terraform changes and provisioning cluster test with validation (#4)
SUSE-Enceladus/csp-adapter-rancher-e2e-automation: README.md

environment deployed.

The user does not have to change this yaml file unless the user is targetting to run these tests against a different
rancher deployment other than the one deployed by terraform.

The contents of this yaml file generated by terraform scripts look like this:

```
rancher:
  host: <rancher host>
  adminToken: <token>
  cleanup: true
awsCredentials:
  secretKey: <your aws secret key>
  accessKey: <your aws access key>
  defaultRegion: us-west-2
eksClusterConfig:
  imported: false
  kmsKey: ""
  kubernetesVersion: "1.24"
  loggingTypes: []
  nodeGroups:
  - desiredSize: 3
    diskSize: 20
    ec2SshKey: ""
    gpu: false
    imageId: ""
    instanceType: t3.medium
    labels: {}
    maxSize: 3
    minSize: 2
    nodegroupName: "node group name"
    requestSpotInstances: false
    resourceTags: {}
    spotInstanceTypes: []
    subnets: []
    tags: {}
    userData: ""
    version: "1.24"
  privateAccess: false
  publicAccess: true
  publicAccessSources: []
  region: us-west-2
  secretsEncryption: false
  securityGroups:
  - ""
  serviceRole: ""
  subnets:
  - subnet-0a28179d7f5d6e105
  - subnet-0cff6bc389a62d584
  tags: {}

```

> You can point the CATTLE_TEST_CONFIG to file created by the terraform scripts.

Reviewer: I think you may be missing a word or two here?

```suggestion
You can point the CATTLE_TEST_CONFIG environment variable at the file created by the terraform scripts.
```
